feat(lts): add new data source query stream charts (#7734)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/lts_stream_charts.md

---
subcategory: "Log Tank Service (LTS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_lts_stream_charts"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get the list of LTS stream charts.
---

# huaweicloud_lts_stream_charts

Use this data source to get the list of LTS stream charts.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "group_id" {}
variable "stream_id" {}

data "huaweicloud_lts_stream_charts" "test" {
  log_group_id  = var.group_id
  log_stream_id = var.stream_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the data source.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the chart list.  
```
